Turns out that the review group will be established by the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, who's come under fire from Congress for erroneously telling legislators that the U.S.

The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.

As Americans grieve, the tragedy is underscored by the knowledge that this will happen again, James Fallows writes.

Increasingly, it seems like early hunches about Lieutenant Kevin Burris being shady were correct: At a slender six feet tall, actor James Frain fits the description Irina provided about a cop who asked her to pawn the city manager’s goods.

Mass murder suspect James Holmes stared straight ahead in a Colorado court Monday morning, even when police witnesses broke down on the stand.

Across Capitol Hill, Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman James Inhofe said in a statement that he's "closely monitoring and conducting oversight of EPA's toxic water spill into the Animas River.

In his hands, the material takes on a counterintuitive grace—his designs 9 direct light, air, and people’s movement in ways that recall works by artists like James Turrell or Richard Serra.

As James Hibberd writes for Entertainment Weekly: The biggest question, though, isn't how Fallon's ratings will end up.

Obama's draft, given the short title "Authorization for Use of Military Force against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant," specifically mentions the deaths of American citizens James Foley, Steven Sotloff, Abdul-Rahman Peter Kassig, and Kayla Mueller.

2001 - Maximum Golf does not succeed. Only a year after it launched, it folds and leaves James to find a new pet project.  2003 - After a couple years of playing in the music business and a few running News Corp.'s Asian satellite television company, James is appointed director of BSkyB, the satellite TV company, which News Corp.

Here's the first trailer for Palo Alto, a film based on James Franco's collection of short stories.

One project that threatens to blow up the internet, or at least fold a section of it onto itself, is Gia Coppola’s directorial debut Palo Alto, which is based…yes…on a book of James Franco’s short stories.

It’s a discomfiting news landscape in which to absorb The Punisher, whose opening credits caress silhouetted weaponry as brazenly as James Bond title sequences undulate around women’s bodies.

After an early-season win over the Memphis Grizzlies, James told Cleveland.com about the team’s emphasis on involving Love in the offense: “I told you Kevin is going to be our main focus.

and, most recently, a James Bobin version with Zach Galifianakis in the lead.

“I do think the construct of self-control is an ambiguous one, and somewhat problematic,” James said.

My girlfriend and I have been reading Iberia by James Michener to one another, and one of the words that he says is essential to understanding Spain is gracia: This is a lovely word, which my Spanish friends use a good deal and which for a long time I was unable to understand.

The editors, James Atlas and Ed Park, are also only working with two female authors — Anne Heller will pen the Arendt biography, and Phoebe Hoban will tackle Freud.

[oil] production since 2009," James Hamilton writes.

As leading communications theorist James Carey put it,"McLuhan sees the principal effect [of communication technology] asimpacting sensory organization and thought.

Reflecting on the subject this last week, I'm indebted to smart insights from Adam Serwer, Jamelle Bouie, Walter Olson, Noah Millman, David Frum, Sonia Sotomayor, James Fallows, Kevin Williamson, Jelani Cobb, Rachel Lu, Alexis Madrigal, Matt Steinglass, Damon Linker, Tyler Cowen, Freddie De Boer, John McWhorter, and Glenn Loury: Coates has also responded to criticism of his story here, here, here, and here.

Secretary of Defense James Mattis told Congress that “we are not winning in Afghanistan right now,” adding that he plans to “correct this as soon as possible.” The comments followed criticism from Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain, who said Mattis lacked a concrete strategy for victory.

(Kim Soffen and Darla Cameron, The Washington Post) Last week, President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey—a move widely criticized by Democrats and Republicans alike.

His “Faith and Re­li­gious Liberty Co­ali­tion” has attrac­ted en­dorse­ments from some 400 con­ser­vat­ive re­li­gious lead­ers, in­clud­ing prom­in­ent na­tion­al fig­ures such as Fo­cus on the Fam­ily founder James Dob­son and Bob Vander Plaats, pres­id­ent of the Iowa Fam­ily Lead­er.

Next year, the entire James Webb Space Telescope will be lowered into it, for a final major test.

A top-10 list would have to include James Bamford, its first and most prolific journalistic chronicler, and Glenn Greenwald, a primary recipient of classified documents leaked months ago by whistleblower Edward Snowden.

In October of 2018, the James Webb telescope will launch into space, where it will travel beyond the moon to peer, as NASA puts it, into "the beginning of time." The Webb, all in all, is roughly the size of a tennis court.

You see, Ryan's House record shows him voting against Don't Ask Don't Tell repeal in 2011, against gay adoption in 2009, and against the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr.

This model predisposes James and the Cavaliers to certain common criticisms.

To digest it all, James A Brundage, a scholar of the Crusades, aggregated the complex rules about sex into this excellent flowchart.

It's a movie about kids on spring break played by former Disney stars doing bad things with a cornrowed James Franco.

"It seems very clear that when you give young people an opportunity like at Wooddale High School to engage in this kind of learning, it turns something on," James Stone, director of the National Research Center for Career &

Hope Michael Fassebender and James McAvoy are doing the same thing in 40 years.

“What that Clinton strategy allows is to withstand the unprecedented nature of what the FBI announcement was,” he says, referring to FBI Director James Comey’s letter to Congress on Friday.

(Though some concertgoers dressed like the scary love-you-till-I-hurt-you pandas from the Spike Jonze-directed video for "Drunk Girls.") After more than three hours of music, which Pitchfork streamed live to additional listeners all over the world, singer James Murphy collapsed, the band stopped, the lights went down, and fans went home covered in sweat, tears, and confetti.

In 1815, President James Madison asked Congress to proclaim “a state of war” between the U.S.

Read James at Outside The Beltway.

Fortunately for Alsop, what Henry James famously called “the city of conversation” kept quiet.

With the exception of Portrait of a Lady, every Henry James novel I’ve read has tested my patience.

That's the one with Cate Blanchett as the Wicked Stepmother and Downton Abbey's Lily James as Cindy.

They are seldom if ever guided by his warning to the Constitutional Convention: The conservative movement may be right or wrong about any number of things, but it doesn't agree with Joseph Story or James Madison when it comes to the best way to safeguard liberty.

Her influence on popular music is staggering, heard in artists ranging from Taylor Swift to Frank Ocean to James Blake to Lorde.

No wonder Hickenlooper is adhering to James Carville's axiom of doing nothing when your opponent is self-destructing.

Rethinking Hospital Restraints Jones’s ordeal is typical, said the psychologist James C.

That approach had long been favored by orthodox authors, such as James Janeway, whose collection of 13 deathbed conversions, A Token for Children, was popular in New England in the early 18th century.

but the intellectual leader of the "segregation forever" movement was James J.

A century and a half ago, James Clerk Maxwell saw that electricity and magnetism were two sides of a coin.

(Applause.)  Medgar Evers, James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, Michael Schwerner, Martin Luther King Jr.

This is the president who told James Comey, “I expect loyalty.” Over the weekend, he’d inveighed against Republicans who “do very little to protect their President.” And there he was, looking out at a sea of Scouts, telling them that “Boy Scout values are American values,” apparently unaware that his own definition of loyalty—something that he himself is owed—is precisely the opposite of the definition those Scouts are taught to embrace—something that we owe to others.

Lee Daniels' The Butler Nominated: Mariah Carey, John Cusack, Jane Fonda, Cuba Gooding Jr., Terrence Howard, Lenny Kravitz, James Marsden, David Oyelowo, Alex Pettyfer, Vanessa Redgrave, Alan Rickman, Liev Schieber, Forest Whitaker, Robin Williams, Oprah Winfrey.