2008: Activia, the yogurt that (allegedly) makes you poop, hires Jamie Lee Curtis for the campaign that launched a thousand spoofs.  Yogurt's probiotics are said to be good for your skin when consumed normally, so applying yogurt directly to your skin must be even better.

While 75 percent of the 1,218 adults surveyed in a 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll answered correctly with the name of actor John Wilkes Booth, 7 percent went for that other three-named presidential assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, who we all should remember shot John F.

Matt Bevin, a Louisville-area businessman, has the best chance to emerge as the next Mike Lee or Richard Mourdock, the two challengers who defeated an incumbent Republican.

The chipped curb would soon become part of assassination lore, along with the "mysterious" deaths of eyewitnesses, the "altered" autopsy photographs, the "planted" stretcher bullet, Lee Harvey Oswald's "double," and the "missing" brain of JFK.

All along, Rubio’s partner on the child-tax-credit proposal has been Senator Mike Lee of Utah.

Worrying news snippets show up again throughout the movie, as Bobby Walker (Ben Affleck), Phil Woodward (Chris Cooper), and Gene McClary (Tommy Lee Jones)—laid off successively from a Boston-based corporation called GTX, which started out building ships and has since expanded to numerous other ventures—putter around their homes, or wait patiently in lobbies to be summoned to job interviews.

Science writer Lee Dye summarized Jamesburg's role in a 1972 feature for the Los Angeles Times.

Alan Grayson of Florida have emerged more recently as leading voices in stopping a war with Syria, as reported by The Atlantic's Molly Ball, Lee has been there all along.

But it comes just in time, perhaps, for men like Hall and Warren Lee Hill in Georgia.

Yet none of the declared opponents of the Republican bill—Senators Jerry Moran of Kansas, Mike Lee of Utah, Susan Collins of Maine, and Rand Paul of Kentucky—indicated the president had persuaded them to support the bill.

Actress turned extremely regular yogurt saleswoman Jamie Lee Curtis was in a car accident yesterday.

This episode of their on-going viral video series features Lora Lee Gayer, Tess Soltau, and Ryah Nixon, with video by Joe Sabia (find the full cdza crew here).

“It has already become increasingly difficult, economically, for seminary grads,” Lee says.

Maybe those who purvey agendas won't be long for our political landscape." Many could not conceive that Lee cast her vote earnestly: "Yes, dissent is a valuable American tradition, but your dissent is based not on principle but purely on the partisan politics that have weakened America and made it such an attractive target for terrorists.

They were unable to see the details of the botched execution.  ACLU Staff Attorney Lee Rowland offered this statement,  The state of Oklahoma violated the First Amendment, which guarantees the right of the press to witness executions so the public can be informed about the government’s actions and hold it accountable. The death penalty represents the most powerful exercise of government authority.

"There's no doubt in my mind that the conduct they exhibited is completely unacceptable." And, he added, the people of Fort Lee "were impacted in a completely callous and indifferent way." When Christie first approached his staff on the lane closings, he said he was assured that no one was involved.

"I said, 'I'd be happy to go home in 2017, and our only rivalry be Bear-Packer games.' " Disaster Beacon Former FEMA Director James Lee Witt has jumped into the race for the Arkansas congressional seat being vacated by Republican Tom Cotton, who is trying to capture Sen.

But when Katharine Lee Bates wrote those words, part, of course, of the patriotic song "America the Beautiful," back in 1895, the wheat fields she was looking out on were far different from the ones that cover our plains today.

But veterans are worried "that his platform is purely politics, rather than sound policy." As for the top brass, it's not so much that the military is a pacifistic institution, far from it, but it's inherently risk-averse and increasingly budget-conscious, explains Democrat Lee Hamilton, director of the Center on Congress at Indiana University, in an interview with Politico's Josh Gerstein. “The military is often cautious about commitments of military power,” he said “They see the difficulty of this situation from a military standpoint, not only the attack itself but sustaining the attack over a period of days, if not weeks.

But the quickest barometer of this mix is age distribution,” Lee said.

And while Schmidt has been coy, Lee reports that the Google boss "asked pointed questions about North Korea's new tablet computers as well as its Red Star operating system, and he briefly donned a pair of 3-D goggles during a tour of the Korea Computer Center." All of which may sound fruitless, but the diplomatic rescue effort being masked as a "private humanitarian visit" may not be going so well either.

"A freaking jellyfish!" Meanwhile, Tommy Lee Jones goes on his own adventure to undo Man of the House.

It's all well and good, since Lee is a kooky and entertaining character, but one thing about it all has us worried.

Scott McGuire talks to Venue in Lee Vining, California;

The musical was composed by Elton John with lyrics by Lee Hall:

  4:35 "You just want to hang out with this family," Lee says about Black-ish. Stars Anthony Anderson and Laurence Fishburne come out to introduce the show.

In 1961, he and Stan Lee collaborated on Fantastic Four, the first modern Marvel superhero comic.

According to Fox News, we were this close to Lee Daniels' The Jimi Hendrix Experience.

Last year, the long-sought follow-up to Mockingbird, Go Set a Watchman, appeared, but not without controversies over whether Lee had wanted the work published at all as well as the late-in-life tarnish placed on Atticus Finch, the first book’s unimpeachable hero.

I met Laura Lee at her truck, Ajumama (it means “ma’am” in Korean), which was parked on a lot next to the indoor-outdoor Seventh Son Brewing Co.

It’s curious that when someone is really good at something, we call them a “machine.” Lee Sedol is a Go-playing machine, enlisted to beat, well, a Go-playing machine.

Judge Roll's death may have been random in the sense that he was not the target of Jared Lee Loughner's gun.

A third book, Hidden Figures by Margot Lee Shetterly, was adapted into a film.

For instance, Captain America spinoff Agent Carter will air in Agents of SHIELD's off period.  5:41 And we're done.  5:38 "I want to close out with a salute to a moment that we at ABC are incredibly proud of," Lee says, leading into a celebration of Modern Family, which is airing Mitch and Cam's wedding tomorrow.

That year, convicted murderer Ronnie Lee Gardner died within two minutes after being shot—a time frame that's quick compared with some recent bungled lethal-injection executions, as Terrence McCoy at The Washington Post points out.

His suggestion was backed by Samsung’s third-generation heir apparent, Lee Jae-yong, who has advocated for more openness at one of the world’s most opaque conglomerates.

Acclaim and Oscar nominations for Philomena, based off journalist Martin Sixsmith's book, The Lost Child of Philomena Lee, have brought international attention to the stories of Lee and the thousands of women just like her.

#AskJPM And of course, some had specific inquiries for Lee.  #AskJPM Does Jimmy Lee really cheat at golf?

Senators Paul, Ted Cruz of Texas, and Mike Lee of Utah are all pushing to move the bill further to the right so that it would eliminate or allow states to opt out of Obamacare’s prohibition on insurers charging higher rates to people with preexisting conditions.

“It recreates the life of the town,” said Rebecca Benefiel, a professor of classics at Washington and Lee University.

Senator Mike Lee of Utah Let me note there are many reasons why I love the senator from Utah.

“If you’re one of the victims, every hour and every day is too long,” said James Lee Witt, who directed the Federal Emergency Management Agency under President Bill Clinton.

But there's also more to Lee than race.

The reunited Van Halen — with, yes, original singer David Lee Roth — gave a giant dose of '80s nostalgia to long-time fans and music critics at an invite only club show on Thursday night.

To my surprise, the South China Morning Post published the piece, and to my even greater surprise, Leung responded, with language uncannily similar to his New York Times rebuttal to Martin Lee this month.

Banks (Producers Guild nominee), Lee Daniels' The Butler (SAG nominee for Best Ensemble), Dallas Buyers Club (Producers Guild and Writers Guild nominee), or Blue Jasmine (Producers Guild and Writers Guild nominee).

It was an episode called “Cheerleader Blues,” in which a group of preteen dancers from Pittsburgh prepares for a competition under the watchful gaze of their mothers and the acerbic tutelage of their instructor, Abby Lee Miller.

Crain’s relationship with Lee has long been a subject of interest among those who research the reclusive author.

But then when Kathi Lee and Hoda come on, it’s like "do you hate your arm fat" and you’re just like "Yeah!" Kathi Lee seems like she is just having a ball, and I love how they do their show and I love how they have fun cocktails.  In terms of getting my proper news, I like to listen to All Things Considered, which is more of a late afternoon thing.