There is also the mystery businessman -- one "Baba Diop," a Senegalese name as generic as John Smith -- whose title to 285 acres, village gossip says, is a front for a foreign investor.

But as much as the show focused on its heroes and their journeys, it delved into the motivations of the villains: John Smith (Rufus Sewell), a cruel SS officer;

Say California resident John Smith is watching porn and he doesn’t see the actors using condoms.

His role as the explorer John Smith in Terrence Malick’s Pocahontas drama The New World (2005) worked along the same lines, suggesting rage and sadness with every glance.

"So great was our famine, that a savage we slew and buried, the poorer sort took him up again and eat him," Captain John Smith wrote in 1624 of the scene in Jamestown, Virginia.

The synopsis has been updated to better reflect Pocahontas’ active role and to remove the suggestion that John Smith was her ultimate goal.

During the silent era, movies such as Pocahontas (1910) and Pocahontas and John Smith (1924) featured the “Indian princess” saving and falling in love with the first Englishman she met.

If John Smith offered George Cooper a barrel of whiskey to vote for Sam Brown, he could verify that he was getting his money's worth.

Tom Jackson and John Smith were building a huge business empire in Europe.

During the Cold War, much of the Western genre and adventure films like Captain John Smith and Pocahontas (1953) reinforced images of Native American simplicity and savagery.

(Ironically Gibson was the voice of John Smith in Pocahontas which was released the same year as Braveheart.) A little fudging is acceptable if done for a good purpose.

"Marty Walsh in Boston is probably like John Smith anywhere else," he said.

Much more interesting is the alternate-history cold war developing between the Nazis and the Japanese, explored through high-powered figures like Nobusuke Tagomi (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), a Japanese trade minister, and John Smith (Rufus Sewell), the head of the New York SS who’s trying to bring down the anti-Nazi movement.

The Pamunkey Players acting troupe, for example, recreated the story of Pocahontas saving John Smith at the 1907 Jamestown Exposition.

Terrence Malick cast him as John Smith in his 17-century epic, and Farrell had so enchanted the great screenwriter Robert Towne he was given the part of Arturo Bandini in Towne's adaptation of John Fante's classic Ask the Dust.

It was impossible for Ariel to be with Eric unless she became human, or for Belle to be with the Beast unless he became human, or for Aladdin to be with Jasmine unless he became a prince, or for Pocahontas to be with John Smith unless she left her people.

Boston barber John Smith welcomed Massachusetts antislavery Senator Charles Sumner into his shop.

You know this dude Ronaiah Tuiasosopo (man, don't people named John Smith get in trouble anymore?), the one who is suspected of crafting this whole hoax?